Q1. What is `NPM`?
Ans. NPM is the world's largest software registry. It consists of 3 distinct components:

- The website : To discover packages, set up profiles, and manage other aspects of your npm experience.
- The command line interfac(CLI) : Runs from a terminal, and is how most developers interact with npm.
- The registry : large public database of javaScript and the meta-information surrounding it.

Q2. What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?
Ans. `Parcel/Webpack` are `bundlers`.
Bundling is the process of merging all the files into a single file: a `bundle`. This bundle can then be included on a webpage to load an entire app at once.

Q3. What is `.parcel-cache`?
Ans. This folder stores information about your project when parcel builds it, so that when it rebuilds, it doesn't have to re-parse and re-analyze everything from scratch.
It's a key reason why parcel can be so fast in development mode.
NOTE: Be sure to add .parcel-cache to your .gitignore file

Q4. What is `npx` ?
Ans. It stands for `Node Package Execute` and it comes with the npm. It is an npm package runner that can execute any package that you want from the npm registry without even installing that package.

Q5. What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies`?
Ans. dependencies : Packages required by your application in production.
devDependencies : Packages that are only needed for local development and testing.

Q6. What is Tree Shaking?
Ans. It is a term commonly used within a JavaScript context to describe the removal of a dead code.

Q7. What is Hot Module Replacement?
Ans. HMR exchanges, adds, or removes modules while an application is running, without a full reload. This can significantly speed up development in a few ways:

- Retain apps state which is lost during a full reload.
- Svae valuable development time by only updating what's changed.
- Instantly update the browser when modifications are made to CSS/JS in the source code.

Q8. - List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your
own words.
Ans.

# Some Parcel Powers :

- HOT MODULE REPLACEMENT (HMR)

- Size optimization : it includes many optimization like Tree shaking, image optimization, automatic minification etc. in order to reduce bundle sizes.

- Dev and production build : minifies all files in production build.

- parcel caching : It caches everything it builds to disk(.parcel-cache folder). so if we restart the server it will only rebuild files that have changed since the last time it ran.

- compatible with older version of browsers.

- Consistent hashing algorithm to do all bundling.

Q9. What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?
Ans. .gitignore is a text file that tells Git which files or folders to ignore in a project.

# What to include in a .gitignore file

    - Operating system files

    - Configuration files generated by application such as code editors and IDEs.

    - Files that get automatically generated

    - Folders generated by package managers (like node modules)

    - Files that contains sensitive data and personal info (e.g, files with environment variables like .env that contains API keys).

    - Runtime files such as .log files.

Q10. What is the difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json`?
Ans.
package.json : It is a versioning file used to install multiple packages in your project.

package.lock.json : It locks the dependency with the installed version and install the exact latest version of that package in your app and save it in package.json.
